[June] Previously on
The Handmaid's Tale...
You have to tell me
where the Handmaids are.
Or they will hurt Hannah.
It's okay, baby.
They're at the Murrow farmhouse.
I tried to run with her.
I really tried.
We'll find her. I swear.
She was scared of me.
My baby was scared of me.
She didn't know me.
Everything that has
happened to you,
to Hannah,
to Janine and the others,
you're responsible.
Your fault.
‐[Luke] Did she choose this?
‐No, she didn't choose this.
She chose to stay in Gilead.
Die trying to do something good.
It's just she knew she'd
never see either of us again.
That's a choice that she made.
[Oona] You look cute. [chuckles]
I leave for the resupply
to Thunder Bay tomorrow night.
‐Can I come over later?
‐Text me.
I love Nichole
but I never wanted to be a mom.
Why do you feel you have to
clean up June's messes?
[Moira] Making up for
when I got out
and she didn't, I guess.
I'm tired of feeling guilty.
Two Handmaids were spotted
heading into Chicago.
Maybe June was one of them.
‐[June] Who did this?
‐[Steven] Nighthawks
They don't care
if they live or die.
They just wanna kill soldiers.
You'd love 'em.
[June] I think
we should go tomorrow
and find the Nighthawks.
We came here to fight.
June, you came here to fight.
I propose that we declare
a temporary ceasefire
along our contested borders.
Gilead's forces
in disputed areas
will stand out for 24 hours
starting this afternoon.
Commander Blaine,
you will coordinate
an aerial bombardment
on all insurgent fronts.
[Janine] Where are the soldiers?
They must have left in a hurry.
[airplanes approaching]
‐[explosion]
‐Run!
Janine!
June?
[Moira] June?
June!
June?
Mimosas do not
pour themselves, June.
[slow music playing]
It is really coming down
out there.
Looks like we're gonna be
stuck here all day.
Oh, damn!
And all those errands
we were gonna run.
Cheers.
[chuckles]
[cell phone buzzing]
[buzzing stops]
‐Thank you.
‐Mmm‐hmm.
[sighs]
[laughs]
[Moira] June?
June.
June?
[man] Get back from there,
it's not stable!
[woman screams]
Holy shit. June, it's me. Moira.
[indistinct shouting]
Your friend, Moira.
June, do you...
Do you remember me?
‐Moira got out.
‐What?
‐No. I'm right here, I'm okay.
‐Janine?
Huh? June?
Janine!
[Moira] Janine?
Hey, June. June.
June! You're bleeding!
You... You need to go
to the hospital.
She may have gotten hurt.
We have to find her.
‐Janine!
‐No, June. You're hurt.
‐You need help.
‐Janine!
No. Hey, hey.
Listen, listen, listen.
‐You need to... Listen, Janine‐‐
‐Janine!
‐June? June, June, June...
‐We have to find her.
Just wait, okay? Listen, listen!
‐Janine!
‐Hey, hey.
I think I know where she is.
If she's hurt, she's gonna be
in the medical tent.
‐Okay.
‐Okay?
‐And it's that way.
‐Okay.
‐Okay?
‐Let's go.
‐We have to find her.
We will. We will.
And maybe when we get there,
you can get checked out too.
‐Will that be all right?
‐Yeah.
Okay, well, let's go get her.
‐We have to find her.
‐Let's go find her.
[woman crying]
Okay, we got to go that way.
[man screaming in pain]
[car alarms blaring]
[Pierre] Ladies, we'll be
back in about two minutes, okay?
Hang tight, two more minutes.
All right.
Who else haven't I seen?
Hey, can you take a look
at my friend?
‐[squealing in pain]
‐Please?
Okay.
Look at me, please.
In the eyes.
Good.
Did you black out?
Did you throw up?
What?
[groaning in pain]
[Pierre] Sir, please,
try not to move.
Hey, hey!
Is she going to be okay?
[Pierre] She's likely concussed,
whether it's a mild
or severe TBI,
I'll only know
when we get back to the tents.
‐[man groaning]
‐Let me take a look at that.
We'll take you somewhere
where you can get some help.
Okay?
And you're gonna be okay.
‐Okay?
‐Moira?
[voice shaking] Hi.
Hi.
Hi. Hi. Hi.
It's me.
No.
‐No.
‐What?
No, no, no, no.
Why are you here?
No, hey, hey, hey.
Shh. I came back.
‐What are you doing here? Why?
‐I came back for you.
‐It's not safe.
‐I came back to help you,
‐and I fucking found you.
‐It's not safe, Moira.
‐You shouldn't be here.
‐I fucking found you.
‐What are you say‐‐
You're so crazy.
You shouldn't be here.
Now that I've found you,
I'm gonna take care of you.
I got you.
[sighs in relief]
[people clamoring]
[Oona announcing indistinctly
over PA system]
[man] Come on, come on.
[Oona] This area is not secure!
The aid center has been closed
for your own safety!
Please leave the premises
immediately!
Do you see Janine?
Hey, I'm gonna go look for her.
[jet engine roaring]
[indistinct shouting]
Can't we just leave everything
for them?
No, they'll kill each other
for their supplies.
Oona! What's going on?
Why are we leaving?
Word is, they're gonna
start bombing again.
Pack up. We gotta go now.
I found June.
She's here.
Oh, my God.
‐That's amazing.
‐Yeah, so I‐‐ Hey.
Look, I know what the rules say.
Moira, it's great to know
she's okay.
She saved all those kids...
When we get back, we can work
on trying to get her out.
No! No, fuck that!
‐I don't have time for this.
‐Oona, she's hurt.
She's not gonna last
a week here.
‐Look, I get that this is hard.
‐No, it's not hard.
It's life or death.
For everyone, not just you,
and not just her.
She's my best friend, Oona.
Gilead finds out we took her,
no more missions, no more food,
no more medicine, nothing,
for any of these people.
You think June is more important
than every one of them?
[alarm blaring]
I'm sorry.
CERA staff. Clear out!
Pack up all provisions!
[clamoring]
Don't leave us.
Please, please, please.
We got to go. Come with me.
Keep your head down.
‐[man 1] Hey, hey, hey!
‐Don't go.
I'm sorry.
‐My kids are starving. Please!
‐[man 2 speaking Spanish]
[in English] I'm sorry.
You're just gonna leave us here?
[man 3] We can't take you
with us, but we'll be back.
‐[shouting indistinctly]
‐[man 4] No! You're killing us!
I'm sorry.
[continues shouting
indistinctly]
‐[exhales]
‐Good.
You did good.
You did good. Okay.
Now you gotta get ready
to run to the boat.
‐[ship horn honking]
‐Okay?
‐What?
‐I'm gonna get you out of here.
All right? You ready?
‐No.
‐June.
‐No, we have to find Janine.
‐Okay, hey‐‐ What? Hey.
For fuck's sake,
we're not gonna find Janine!
She's probably dead.
And if you stay here,
you're gonna die too.
June. Boat!
‐Now!
‐Moira, no!
‐No‐‐ [straining]
‐No!
Don't make me leave you again!
Don't fucking do that to me.
You can't do that to me!
Please!
You've got to go with me.
You've got to come back.
[clamoring]
You can't make me leave
without Hannah.
Hannah?
You can't make me leave
without her, Moira.
Where is she?
You can't make me leave
without her.
I don't know.
‐Hannah?
‐I don't know,
‐but I have to get back to her.
‐You don't know?
What... What do you mean
you don't know?
How are you gonna
get to her? Huh?
Look at you!
You're fucking beat to shit,
you don't even know
where she is.
How are you going to find her?
They took her because of me.
She was so scared.
Then she's safer without you.
They're gonna kill you.
They're gonna hunt you down
and they're gonna kill you.
And they'll kill you
in front of her.
Do you want to help her?
You leave her the hell behind,
and you come with me.
You wanna fight them?
You fight them from Canada.
We will help you.
The Canadians will help you!
The American government,
whatever fucking left of it
is in Canada, and will help you.
I'll be there.
Luke, Emily, Rita...
everyone who loves you is there.
Nichole.
Nichole is there.
‐[sniffles]
‐Is she okay?
Yes, she... She needs you.
She needs you, she's growing up
and she's amazing
but she needs you
because you're her mother.
You're her mother, okay?
Come on, June. Come on!
[clamoring continues]
Come on! Let's go! Let's go!
You'll come back for her,
all right?
Let's go, let's go! Hurry!
‐Come on! Hurry up!
‐Go, go, go!
[clamoring continues]
You'll come back for Nichole.
Come back
for your baby daughter.
Okay.
‐Okay. Okay.
‐[ship horn blaring]
All right, come on. Come on.
[clamoring continues]
[ship horn blaring]
Stay here. Don't move.
[door closes]
[jet passing by]
[breathing unsteadily]
[people screaming]
You know, technically,
that couch is also mine.
Technically,
this couch is Lisa's,
and you were supposed
to watch it
while she went to go
study abroad.
Well, I will leave it to you
out of the kindness of my heart.
Luke hates it.
[chuckles]
It's not gonna be
that different, you know?
I mean, I'm gonna see you
all the time.
It's not really gonna
change that much.
My mother made me promise
I would keep my own last name.
Oh, phew.
Do you really think
this is a good idea?
Which part?
All of them.
All the parts.
[sighs]
[refrigerator door opens,
closes]
Wait, so you think
marrying Luke is a bad idea?
Look, I just, um,
think it would be a lot easier
to end an engagement
than a marriage.
And you know this how,
because of all the marriages
you've ended?
Never mind.
No. No, no, no.
No, I'm curious.
Tell me exactly why you think
I shouldn't marry
a kind, smart, loving man
who has a good job
and nice shoulders.
Because he cheats on his wives
and he leaves them
when they can't reproduce.
Oh! Wife.
One prior wife.
And I'm not Annie.
Not yet.
Our marriage is not going
to be like that marriage.
They fought all the time
about all kinds of stuff.
We never fight.
[Moira] That's my pitcher.
Fine, take it.
I don't want it.
[Oona] Hey.
Hi.
How are you holding up?
Seeing all that up close.
I've seen suffering
up close before.
The hardest part is when
you're the one with the power.
I'm so sorry
we couldn't bring her.
Yeah.
Look, we're nearly home.
After his port inspection,
it's only about [chuckles]
ten more hours to Canada.
Port inspection?
Before we leave their waters,
they're gonna come aboard,
they're gonna check the boats
stem to stern.
Oh.
It shouldn't be that bad.
I mean, once
at this checkpoint in Aleppo,
‐we had‐‐
‐Oona.
I need to tell you something.
[Oona]
They're gonna be here soon.
I have the utmost respect
for June Osborn.
She pioneered Angels' Flight.
She's a hero.
But we're in
a really bad situation,
which sees our NGO
and all of our future missions
put at risk.
Now, I'm the team leader,
so what happens next
is my responsibility,
but I want to hear
from all of you.
It's my fault.
I'm the one
that forced June to come.
She didn't even want to.
So it's me we should be talking
about right now, not her.
[Oona] You're right, Moira.
It is your fault.
And I know you love your friend,
but we all have people we love
in Gilead.
I think we should turn her in.
‐What?
‐[Oona] Let him finish.
‐Say more about that.
‐[Pierre] If they find her,
all of our future work
is fucked forever.
We can't let that happen.
She's Public Enemy Number One
in Gilead.
Which means they'll be
even angrier we took her.
[Oona] It's true.
If they find her, they won't
let us back into Chicago,
they won't let anyone in,
and that will affect
all the people there.
I think we should keep her.
I know she broke the rules,
but she's here now,
and if we turn her in,
they'll kill her.
[Chris] I think
we should turn her in.
Okay. Jesus.
There's got to be
another option here.
I mean, we can't just turn
someone in to certain death.
This is supposed to be
a humanitarian mission.
Humanitarian missions
are about people.
Not one person.
There has to be somewhere
we can put her.
I mean, we can hide her
in the floor or, uh...
we can put her in one
of the lifeboats on the side.
‐They'll search those.
‐How do you know?
You ever escape Gilead before?
Then shut the fuck up!
Children will be hurt by this.
Children who did nothing wrong.
[Oona] Not just the children,
their parents‐‐
[Moira] I get it.
I'm just saying
there has to be another way.
[Oona] What other way is there
that doesn't put
the entire crew on risk?
[Moira] Make her look like
one of the crews.
[Elena] No, that's not
what I'm saying.
[Moira] One person
who's sitting right there!
Just turn me in.
Jesus! Don't listen to her.
My life isn't worth
more than anyone else's.
[ship horn blaring]
[siren wailing]
I'll tell them
I got on the boat myself.
No one helped me.
Thank you.
[Moira] No, no!
‐[Oona] Okay, everyone on deck.
‐June!
‐[Oona] Let's get through this.
‐You can't do this, June.
That's it?
After everything
you've been through,
after every battle you fought,
you've just given up?
Look at me!
[sirens approaching]
Please?
Oona.
Elena, print her an ID.
Clean her up, get her a vest.
Make sure
she doesn't fuck this up.
Thank you.
[siren chirps]
Come on.
[soldier 1 on radio]
Found any contraband?
[soldier 2]
Narcotics in evidence
but likely classified
as medical supplies.
[indistinct chatter over radio]
[soldier 1] Let's clear the boat
as quick as possible.
[soldier 2]
The boat is 70% searched.
ETA 20, 25 minutes.
[soldier 3] Name?
Elena Choi.
Next.
[soldier 3] Name?
Moira Strand.
Where are you from?
Toronto. Born and bred.
[soldier 3] Next.
Name?
Name.
Rachel Smith.
[soldier 3]
Something happen to you?
[soldier 4 over radio]
Private Tennyson,
are we all clear?
Sir?
I repeat, are we all clear?
[soldier 3] Not quite yet, sir.
What happened to you?
She got knocked
to the ground in...
In all that chaos back there.
She hit her head pretty hard.
Man, it was crazy.
Did you see those bombs hit?
Lucky you were safe out here.
Unless you got family and stuff
back in Chicago.
Um, really hope they're okay.
All right. Next.
Let's get the hell out of here.
You made it.
We're goin' to Canada.
Ooh, beautiful and strong.
Must be your, uh,
Swedish lineage, just...
[June] Just so you know,
I'm never moving again. Ever.
Deal. I'll put it in the vows.
Oh, yeah. We should definitely
put it in the vows.
Did you and Annie
write your own vows?
Oh. No. It was not
that kind of wedding.
Oh. What kind of wedding was it?
Uh, just a normal...
Yeah.
Like at a church?
Uh, yeah. Yeah.
That kind of thing
was important to her.
Oh.
So "for richer or poorer,
sickness and health,
better or worse,"
like all that kind of thing?
Babe?
Yeah?
What's going on?
Nothing.
No?
'Cause, you know, that marriage
is not gonna be our marriage.
Yeah, I know.
Can you be careful
with that, please?
That's fine.
What's in it?
It's a cocktail pitcher, okay?
That I stole.
What is your problem?
[giggles] Don't you dare.
I don't know.
What if I can't get pregnant?
What?
You and Annie had a hard time
having kids.
[hesitates]
What if that happens to us?
You are not Annie, okay?
And I'm a very different person
than I was back then.
Yeah.
But, I mean, you don't know
what's gonna happen, right?
What if I end up
disappointing you?
Go... Come on! Come here.
Look, I don't know if we're
gonna be able to have kids,
but either way
we're gonna be okay.
You really want kids, though.
Yeah, and I really want you.
Like...
You're not gonna disappoint me.
Well, I mean,
you don't know that.
Well...
Everyone has a line, you know,
something that's unforgivable.
What if I'm not
who you think I am?
Then I'll just love
whoever you turn out to be.
[Oona] You snuck her in
behind my back
and you lied to me!
I mean, what did you think
was gonna happen?
[Moira] But you're the one
who decided to save her.
[Oona] Because you put me
in a position
where I had to either save her
or kill her.
Well, you couldn't have
expected me to leave her behind.
You don't think I've ever
had to leave anyone behind?
Every mission, you don't think
I've had to make hard choices?
Choices that keep me
up at night,
that I regret every single day!
I'm sorry.
I wish this didn't
have to be about us.
Let's not make this last longer
than it has to.
But we can still talk
at the office?
There's not gonna be
an office after this.
[softly] Fuck.
[door opens]
[door closes]
What the hell?
Hey, are you trying
to take this lifeboat?
Can you help me?
No!
Fuck you! I'm not helping you.
Where the hell do you think
you're gonna go on a lifeboat
in the middle of the night?
I have to go back.
Are you fucking insane?
‐I have to get her.
‐Stop it!
You're gonna die in the water
or you'll sail back to Gilead
and die there!
That's your plan?
Fine.
You wanna go back,
I'm going with you.
We'll die together.
‐Stop it.
‐No.
‐Yes.
‐No!
I did not bring you all this way
just to leave you behind.
I told you
I needed to stay for Hannah,
and you manipulated me.
I didn't manipulate you.
I saved your life.
You tricked me
into leaving my daughter!
I'm sorry.
If I don't go back now,
she is gone forever!
Hannah is gone forever.
What happened?
[sobbing]
With Hannah.
You said they took her.
What happened?
I'm not gonna force you to stay.
I just wanna know.
They showed her to me.
I saw her.
But there was nothing
I could do. For her.
There was nothing
I could do to help her.
She didn't recognize me.
She didn't know who I was.
She was scared of me.
Oh, God.
Everything that has
happened to her,
it's because of me.
No.
No, that is not true.
How can I go back without her?
‐No one‐‐
‐How can I show up without her?
June, no one expects you
to have her.
They're waiting for a person,
not a superhero.
Even if you did get
all those kids out.
But not her.
Not my Hannah.
I didn't have her.
I tried. I really did.
I did everything I could,
but it wasn't enough.
I was supposed to save her.
'Cause I'm her mommy.
I'm her mother.
It is my job to protect her.
And I failed.
How can I face him?
How can I tell him
that everything
that has happened to her
is because of me?
No. That's not true.
And that's Gilead talking.
You know that's not true.
No, he is never gonna
forgive me.
He's never gonna forgive me.
All these years,
he has waited for you.
And he has never
given up on you.
You need to have
a little faith now too.
I know him.
I know what he can take.
How 'bout you find out?
Yeah.
‐Come here.
‐[June sobbing]
Hey, Junebug.
Hey.
[exhales]
There's a baby.
Well, it's, uh...
I'm pregnant!
We're having a baby.
And I was gonna tell you inside,
and I put
all these candles out, but...
[both laughing]
We're having a baby!
We're having a baby?
‐Yeah!
‐Hey! We're having a you!
And we're gonna
love you so much.
‐[laughing]
‐We're having a baby!
‐Shh!
[horn honks]
I...
I love you so much.
I love you, too.
[screaming indistinctly]
[June laughing]
[Hannah laughing]
Some more artistic ones, please.
[inaudible]
Yeah.
[June] I think that's fine.
Ooh! Look at that method!
[door opens]
[door closes]
You okay?
Mmm‐hmm.
[footsteps approaching]
You know, we can stay here
as long as you want.
I'm okay.
I just need a minute.
Okay.
I'm okay.
[door opens]
[door closes]
[breathing unsteadily]
[exhales]
[Luke] Where... Where is she?
[footsteps approaching]
[breathing unsteadily]
[breathes deeply]
I'm sorry I don't have her.
'Kay?
I'm sorry.
[sobbing] I'm sorry
it's just me.
I'm sorry it's just me.
‐I knew it would...
‐No, no, no, no.
‐I'm sorry.
‐Mmm‐mmm.
I'm so sorry.
[murmurs indistinctly]
[sobbing]
‐I'm sorry.
‐[exhales]
You're okay.
[inhales deeply]